Add documentation for Prefect Cloud SSO (#7302)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/ui/cloud.md

See the [role-based access controls (RBAC)](/ui/roles/) documentation for more information about managing user roles in a Prefect Cloud organization.

## Single Sign-on (SSO) <span class="badge orgs"></span> <span class="badge enterprise"></span>

> Prefect Cloud [Enterprise plans](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) offer [single sign-on (SSO)](/ui/sso/) authentication integration with your team’s identity provider. SSO integration can bet set up with identity providers that support OIDC and SAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefect Cloud [Organization plans](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) and above offer [single sign-on (SSO)](/ui/sso/) authentication integration with your team’s identity provider. SSO integration can bet set up with identity providers that support OIDC and SAML.
```

I think this is more correct since we offer this on all self-serve tiers

## Single Sign-on (SSO) <span class="badge orgs"></span> <span class="badge enterprise"></span>

> Prefect Cloud [Organization plans](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) and above offer [single sign-on (SSO)](/ui/sso/) authentication integration with your team’s identity provider. SSO integration can bet set up with identity providers that support OIDC and SAML.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prefect Cloud's [Organization and Enterprise plans](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) offer [single sign-on (SSO)](/ui/sso/) authentication integration with your team’s identity provider. SSO integration can bet set up with identity providers that support OIDC and SAML.
```
